hey guys what's up this is legendry here
and I'm going to show you how to get
some free money online with some
gangster green and oh you're going
to show you how to set up so let's get
started all right this is paypal you're
going to need this but first you're
going to need to make a new email
address to get it like yahoo or
something like that just create a new
one won't take you like two minutes then
you need to go to sign up for paypal
click here and this is completely not
gone scandalous it's free and it's it's
awesome it just works um anyways
register here and after you've done that
just wait for it and confirm your email
or whatever it asks you to do then you
want to go to gangster greed com or
click on my link on my video and here we
are and uh sign and wait here we go
register right here right here this
little bar click register basically just
put your first name last name gangsta
green dick name if you want to password
and PayPal email and then they don't
scam you that see the way this work
laughs the way this works guys is
basically they take they people pay them
to put their ads on there and for every
single ad that you view they gangster
agree gets money for that so basically
it's like a win-win situation so you're
basically getting their money and you're
getting paid for doing work basically
but it's like men it's not even manual
labor so look so I'm going to sign in
here and show you how easy it is
all right here we are the members area
let's go to my stats right now I have
nine dollars and twenty-eight cents and
I need ten dollars to cash out it's kind
of slow the first 2 weeks but then after
you do that it's it gets all heck of a
lot easier so let's go to earn cash the
only thing that i hate about these
things is that some of them do not work
like look these are sent to my pending
offers i've had those for about two
months now and i have a waiting for them
to come through and they still haven't
so i have no clue but let me show you
what you have to do because some
homework and some of them don't because
iron two dollars and fifty cents doing
this um see look first like simple ones
like right here bc gift card submit your
email just to sign up that's all you got
to do so click on it wait for it to pop
up
that is
must be the video all right now all you
have to do is submit your email address
that you use that you just created so
mine's blow one back @ yahoo.com
and I would just submit that and after
you do that let it go through and that's
it you just eggs out and you mark it as
complete that's all you have to do now
let me show you if you don't believe me
here's some proof from some other people
sky right here he cashed out with twelve
dollars there's this paypal account
right there this guy cashed out with $15
verified buyer
I don't know how you got five dollars
but he got five dollars basically guys
this is the most easiest thing you'll
ever do in your life see this guy right
here you got twenty dollars 13 I mean
guys you can check this out for yourself
you can do anything you want I mean
there's tons of people that do this it's
an easy way to get this done and get
free money to help you at the end the
leak all that stuff and there's also
some videos that you can check out my
twig and he has some payment proof for
you as well like live payment proof on
his computer and that's for him because
he helped me so much but that's all you
have to do guys basically and thanks for
watching I'll try to get that payment
proof to you as soon as I can and keep
watching dude all right I'll see you
later